feat(kradio): component reskinning [KHCP-8996] (#1781)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/dropdown.md

</script>
```

:::tip TIP

> If you want to make an icon slotted into KDropdownItem clickable (like the one next to button with action in the example above), you can assign `role="button"` and appropriate `tabindex` attributes to that element and bind an event handler (note that you will have to use `.stop` [event modifier](https://vuejs.org/guide/essentials/event-handling.html#event-modifiers)). KDropdownItem will take care of state styling (hover, active, disabled). Also note that you will have to trigger dropdown close yourself using the `closeDropdown()` slot prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make an icon slotted into KDropdownItem clickable (like the one next to button with action in the example above), you can assign `role="button"` and appropriate `tabindex` attributes to that element and bind an event handler (note that you will have to use `.stop` [event modifier](https://vuejs.org/guide/essentials/event-handling.html#event-modifiers)). 

If implemented as described here, KDropdownItem will take care of styling the different states (hover, active, disabled). Also note that you will have to trigger closing the dropdown via the `closeDropdown()` slot prop.
```
